doc(release): Add release notes for release 20260700 collect 25.10 (#5509)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-25.10/releases/centreon-os.mdx

</details>

### Centreon Collect 25.10.11

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>
- [Broker] Fixed a coredump caused by a dangling pointer when the cache file grows and relocates in memory.
- [Broker] Fixed a coredump caused by a dangling pointer when the cache file grows and relocates in memory.
- [Broker] Fixed cbd storing old connections that no longer exists.

> - [Broker] Fixed handle of empty response from mariadb in specific cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Broker] Fixed a crash caused by a dangling pointer that occurred when the cache file grew and was moved to a new location in memory.
- [Broker] Fixed an issue where cbd was storing old connections that no longer existed.
- [Broker] Fixed an issue where centreon-broker could lose monitoring data during database purge operations caused by a MariaDB 10.11.11 regression (empty error packets).
```

> - [Centengine] Fixed an issue where time period was only active on time range exception day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Centengine] Fixed time periods being applied only on exception days instead of their normal schedule.
```

> - [Packaging] Fixed missing file libcentreon_pb_bbdo.so.debug on Collect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Packaging] Added missing **libcentreon_pb_bbdo.so.debug** file to Collect .
```

</details>

### Centreon Monitoring Agent 25.10.8

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

> - [CMA] Fixed agent failing to start with hostnames with less than 5 characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [CMA] Fixed an issue where the agent failed to start with hostnames less than 5 characters long.
```

> - [CMA] Timeperiods are now handled for checks cheduling and freshness calculation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [CMA] Time periods are now correctly taken into account for check scheduling and freshness calculations.
```

> - [Packaging] Fixed missing file libcentreon_pb_bbdo.so.debug on CMA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Packaging] Added missing **libcentreon_pb_bbdo.so.debug** file to CMA.
```
